c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\EmployeeService.dll.config
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\EmployeeService.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\EmployeeService.pdb
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Memory.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Buffers.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Memory.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\obj\Debug\EmployeeService.dll
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\obj\Debug\EmployeeService.pdb
c:\users\thinksysuser\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\bin\System.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\thinksysuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmployeeService\EmployeeService\obj\Debug\EmployeeService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
